do you have it on tape or anything okay
I would like to say that I'm innocent
until proven guilty well we're in the
fourth week of na LCS with coverage
presented by Omni slash I'm joined right
now by Jensen from cloud 9
Jensen before we get into anything I
have an eyewitness account that you took
your gum before this interview and put
it into a recycle container what do you
say about these allegations do you have
it on tape when you think okay I would
like to say that I'm innocent until
proven guilty okay good good well I'll
just go with that know you guys swept
Team Liquid and I raised on this team
liquid hype train and you guys might
have kind of derailed it just now and I
feel like this is frequently the case
with cloud 9 we're like there's always
like the main story wherever it's like
Oh
TSM so good every to talk about TSM team
like it's so good blow you know maybe
immortals and then you guys frequently
just come in and kind of like ya know we
beat them so what I mean how do you do
you think that's true is it sort of a
situation where oftentimes you guys are
underrated or under thought about yeah I
definitely feel that it's it's been a
trend almost every season that you know
we are underrated for whatever reason I
mean I think it kind of made sense this
season since we did so about like some
core members of a roster so I think it
kind of made sense but even then like
people would still like a bit I don't
know c9 not really sure you know liquid
etc probably gonna be better but I think
also at the same time I think the old
players that wasn't a roster I mean nice
movie and sneaking I think we have also
improved a lot so I think it's just a
mix of everything I think we've just
been playing better and I think that's
that's kinda just watch showing and then
of course liquorice and so skerin have
been performing very well yeah yeah
because it seems like the team and
integrated fine and everything's good
yeah for sure it's I mean there's all
kind of speak for itself I think it's
going great so far and I think there's
still room for improvement for sure but
I think today was a really clean victory
and I'm very satisfied about it yeah why
again so many people I think would have
anticipated like a you know I think
that's a pretty hype match u-verse Team
Liquid but I think a lot of people would
have
to be much closer what do you think it
was that allowed you guys to just so
cleanly take the game honestly I thought
the way Team Liquid played was very very
bad they played team comp where you know
if you play Tali against Corki that
matchup Talia has to false place on the
map all she just gets straight about
scales but I didn't even have to use my
TP to get back into lane or anything and
they weren't really pressuring or
pressuring us or invading any of our
jungle so like we were kind of expecting
that we fall behind with the comp we
drafted a oh you know we just have to
accept the deficit early on and then
just play from there because we have a
better late-game
but actually they didn't do anything
early on so like me and Dennis were very
confused we thought we were gonna get
pressured really hard like through mid
and jungle but they didn't do anything
like we were just trading farm mid
nothing really happened so I think I
think it's just they didn't play their
draft accordingly like they should have
definitely been more proactive well we
just took it slow in the beginning and
then it's where we had a good roam table
and then you know we got an early dragon
so it seems like they just gave us
advantages when they should be the ones
getting advantages so do you think it's
just that they didn't know how like if
you were to say I guess she thinks they
just didn't know how to execute that
comp well or you know obviously there's
also the possibility that you guys just
kind of outplayed them but based on the
way you're talking about it seems like
they just really didn't know what to do
with the tools that they picked yeah I
think it's just I don't think we like
did anything like of the onion area like
you know we got an early dragon which is
good but I think they weren't pressuring
us at all which which they have to do
with the kind of can't speak right now
with the kind of draft they had but they
weren't so I think I don't know maybe
they were playing scared or something I
can't really know but I didn't feel like
we did anything special early on I think
they just didn't do anything I want to
talk a little bit about smoothie with
you because it's his birthday happy
birthday smoothie he I think for a long
time smoothly was kind of around and
people talked about like oh he's a
pretty decent support feels like this
year people are really starting to
recognize him what is his role in the
game and sort of what is the position
that he takes with the team from like a
comms perspective and all that I'd say
he just he's just a guy that like talk
a lot like you know he's he tries to
understand everything that goes on
around the map and just tries to call
out everything he sees etc and tries to
make play he's just really smart about
the game you know does I think he does
everything correctly for the most parts
you know I actually think sometimes he
even talks too much like it's hard to
communicate all the time because he's
always talking but that's not
necessarily like a bad thing but yeah
he's just an overall very skilled player
I can't really like think of anything
about to say like he does most of thing
correctly I think he has so far he's
done a lot of like unexpected roams
early on that has created us a lot of
advantages and I think that's what he
should get the most praised for do you
think it's fair for people to
characterize him as like the in-game
leader of cloud 9 because everybody arts
tries to decide like who's the captain
who's the leader who's the shot-caller
I know often times this a little bit
more complicated than that but with
smoothie you know we so frequently hear
about his communication in-game so do
you think he's like the end game leader
of the team ah he's the guy that talks
to most but I don't know if we have like
a set leader I think we all contributes
to calling stuff I think I think
everyone like most of us just
participate when it comes to like
calling stuff in game I wouldn't say he
does anything like more than the rest of
us I mean he's kind of like a leader but
at the same time I don't think he's like
you know controlling the entire like
comms by himself we all definitely
contribute in one way that's good
would you would you say anything about
smoothie how about a good story any
funny stories involving smoothie
anything interesting anything
embarrassing it's his birthday so we can
kind of talk about them what's it like
living with them does he have any
interesting quirks so you know you at
all hmm you can take as long as you need
edit we can just fast-forward this
footage if we do - I can't I can't
really think of anything like
embarrassing a weird stuff that's movies
done just a normal dude yeah I think I
think he's just mostly normal from what
I've seen I haven't seen anything like
super weird or any
thing I don't know if I've I've never I
don't know if I've ever met a pro player
who's very normal you know pro players
you guys are all kind of kooky and weird
in your own way so probably means he
might be the most strange of all the pro
players because we don't know anything
about him that's abnormal yeah I think
that makes sense I think I think he's
like normal and we'd be weird if
anything because he's just he's too
normal for us to normal he's hiding
something is there anything that you
would say to any of the cloud9 fans
thanks for supporting me and let's make
this a great year indeed thank you so
much
Jenson happy birthday smoothie you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel hope you enjoyed that
interview I certainly did and if you
haven't yet please subscribe because I
won't and partnership with Omni slash we
got a bunch more interviews coming up
from LCS make sure you don't miss them